Make record open in generated code in sending-a-message-to-a-service tutorials (#8180)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/integration-tutorials/sending-a-message-to-a-service.md

    The generated record type will be as follows.

    ```ballerina
    type Doctor record {
        string name;
        string hospital;
        string category;
        string availability;
        decimal fee;
    };
    ```

    > **Note:**
    > While it is possible to work with the JSON payload directly, using record types offers several advantages including enhanced type safety, data validation, and better tooling experience (e.g., completion).

    > **Note:**

>     > Opted for a [closed record](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/records/) in the source code to emphasize the type-safety and maintainability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > When the fields of the JSON objects are expected to be exactly those specified in the sample payload, the generated records can be updated to be [closed records](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/controlling-openness/), which would indicate that no other fields are allowed or expected.
```

Author: I feel like, The link you have provided mainly tells that making a record an open record to allow other fields. But shouldn't we emphasize more on making the records closed?

Reviewer: No, right? The first sentence `Use record {| ... |} to describe a record type that allows exclusively what is specified in the body.` and the first example show exactly closed records.

Author: As a second thought, It tells both open and closed records. Let's put this. +1

>     > When the JSON object fields are intended to precisely match the sample payload, the generated records can be updated to be [closed records](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/controlling-openness/), which would indicate that no other fields are allowed or expected.

Reviewer: I don't think " the JSON object fields are intended" reads well. We expect the fields of the expected payload to match the sample payload.

Any issue with the suggestion in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/8180#discussion_r1381150777?

Author: Ah no. Just wanted to improve

import ballerina/http;
import ballerina/log;

> type Doctor record {

Author: Related comment: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/8133/files#r1380952869
